---
title: Function list
description: 
lang: en
sidebar: true
---

## 1. function list

- [ChainID()](#_2-3-1-chain-id)  chain ID
- [ClientVersion()](#_2-1-1-get-client-version)  Get client version
- [Sha3()](#_2-1-2-keccak-256-hash) the Keccak-256 hash of the specified data
- [Version()](#_2-2-1-network-id)  ID of the currently linked network
- [GetTransactionReceipt()](#_2-3-2-hash-transaction-receipt)  Specifies the receipt for the hash transaction
- [Listening()](#_2-2-2-monitor-connection-status)  monitor connection status
- [PeerCount()](#_2-2-3-number-of-peer-nodes)  The number of peer nodes connected by the client
- [GasPrice()](#_2-3-3-gas-price)  gas price
- [Accounts()](#_2-3-4-address-list) The client holds a list of addresses
- [GetBalance()](#_2-3-5-account-balance) The balance of the account at the specified address
- [GetStorageAt()](#_2-3-6-address-storage-location) Specifies the value of the address storage location
- [GetTransactionCount()](#_2-3-7-number-of-transactions)  The number of transactions that occurred at the specified address
- [GetBlockTransactionCountByHash()](#_2-3-8-hash-lookup-transaction-number)  Number of transactions within a specified block (hash lookup)
- [GetBlockTransactionCountByNumber()](#_2-3-9-highly-find-deals)  Number of transactions within a specified block (height lookup)
- [Code()](#_2-3-10-code-specifying-address)  code specifying address
- [Call()](#_2-3-11-message-call)  message call
- [SendTransaction()](#_2-3-12-create-message-call) Create message to invoke transaction or contract creation
- [SendRawTransaction()](#_2-3-13-create-a-new-message-for-a-signed-transaction-to-invoke-transaction-or-contract-creation)
- [EstimateGas()](#_2-3-14-estimate-transaction-gas-fees)  Estimate transaction gas fees
- [GetBlockByHash()](#_2-3-15-hashed-block-information)  Block information for the specified hash
- [GetBlockByNumber()](#_2-3-16-height-block-information)  Block information for the specified height
- [BlockNumber()](#_2-3-17-latest-block-number) Number of the latest block
- [GetTransactionByHash()](#_2-3-18-hash-transaction)  The transaction corresponding to the specified hash
- [NewFilter()](#_2-3-19-create-filter) Create filter
- [NewBlockFilter()](#_2-3-20-create-filter-in-node) Create a filter in the node to be notified when a new block is generated
- [UninstallFilter()](#_2-3-21-uninstall-filter) Uninstall the filter with the specified ID
- [GetFilterChanges()](#_2-3-22-poll-filter)  Polls the specified filter and returns an array of newly generated logs since the last poll
- [GetLogs()](#_2-3-23-all-logs-in-filter) All logs in the specified filter
- [Sign()](#_2-3-24-generate-signature)  Generate signature
- [SendRawTransactionStr()](#_2-3-25-send-transaction) send transaction


## 2. Method description

## 2.1 Web3
### 2.1.1 Get-client-version

```go
ver, err := tie.Web3().ClientVersion()
```

- **output**
  ver(string): Current client version

### 2.1.2 keccak-256-hash

```go
hash, err := tie.Web3().Sha3(data)
```

- **input**
  data([]byte): data to calculate

- **output**
  hash([]byte): Calculation results

## 2.2 Net

### 2.2.1 network-id

```go
id, err := tie.Net().Version()
```

- **output**
  id(uint64): current network ID

### 2.2.2 monitor-connection-status

```go
bool, err := tie.Net().Listening()
```

- **output**

  bool(bool): Is it listening

### 2.2.3 Number-of-peer-nodes

```go
count, err := tie.Net().PeerCount()
```

- **output**

  count(uint64): number of nodes

## 2.3 ETH
### 2.3.1 chain-ID

```go
id, err := tie.Eth().ChainID()
```

- **output:**
  id (big.Int): Id of the current chain

### 2.3.2 Hash-transaction-receipt

```go
receipt, err := tie.Eth().GetTransactionReceipt(TranHash)
```

- **input**

  TranHash([32]byte): transaction hash

- **output**

  receipt: Transaction receipt object

  - transactionHash: DATA, [32]byte - transaction hash.
  - transactionIndex: QUANTITY - The position of the transaction index in the block.
  - blockHash: DATA, [32]byte - The position of the transaction index in the block.
  - blockNumber: QUANTITY - The block number at this exchange.
  - cumulativeGasUsed: QUANTITY - The total amount of gas used when the transaction has been executed in the block.
  - gasUsed: QUANTITY - A single gas amount used by this particular exchange.
  - contractAddress: DATA, [20]byte - The created contract address (if the transaction is to create a contract, the value is the newly created contract address), otherwise empty.
  - logs: Array - An array of log objects generated by this transaction.
  - logsBloom：Bloom filter for quick extraction of relevant logs
  - from: DATA, [20]byte - Transaction sender address
  - status: QUANTITY -1 (true) or 0 (false)

  ```go
  type Receipt struct {
  	TransactionHash   Hash
  	TransactionIndex  uint64
  	ContractAddress   Address
  	BlockHash         Hash
  	From              Address
  	BlockNumber       uint64
  	GasUsed           uint64
  	CumulativeGasUsed uint64
  	LogsBloom         []byte
  	Logs              []*Log
  	Status            uint64
  }
  ```

### 2.3.3 gas-price

```go
price, err := tie.Eth().GasPrice()
```

- output

  price(uint64): gas-price

### 2.3.4 address-list

```go
list, err := tie.Eth()Accounts()
```

- output
  list(\[\][]byte): address list

### 2.3.5 account-balance

```go
balance, err := tie.Eth()GetBalance(address, BlockNumberOrHash)
```

- input

  address([20]byte): wallet address
  BlockNumberOrHash(interface): 
  - inputsdk.BlockNumber(int): represents the block height
  - inputsdk.Latest：represent "latest"
  - inputsdk.Earliest：represent "earliest"
  - inputsdk.Pending：represent "pending

- output
  balance(big.Int): account balance

### 2.3.6 address-storage-location

```go
data, err := tie.Eth().GetStorageAt(address, slot, blocknumber)
```

- input

  address([20]byte): wallet address
  slot([32]byte): location number/value in storage
  blocknumber(interface): 
  - inputsdk.BlockNumber(int): represents the block height
  - inputsdk.Latest：represent "latest"
  - inputsdk.Earliest：represent "earliest"
  - inputsdk.Pending：represent "pending

- output
  data([32]byte): stored content

### 2.3.7 Number-of-transactions

```go
count, err := tie.Eth().GetTransactionCount(address, blocknumber)
```

- input

  address([20]byte): wallet address
  blocknumber(interface): 
  - inputsdk.BlockNumber(int): represents the block height
  - inputsdk.Latest：represent "latest"
  - inputsdk.Earliest：represent "earliest"
  - inputsdk.Pending：represent "pending

- output
  count(uint64): number of transactions

### 2.3.8 Hash-lookup-transaction-number

```go
count, err := tie.Eth().GetBlockTransactionCountByHash(hash)
```

- input
  hash([32]byte): block hash

- output

  count(uint64): number of transactions

### 2.3.9 Highly-Find-Deals

```go
count, err := tie.Eth().GetBlockTransactionCountByNumber(blocknumber)
```

- input
  blocknumber(interface): 
  - inputsdk.BlockNumber(int): represents the block height
  - inputsdk.Latest：represent "latest"
  - inputsdk.Earliest：represent "earliest"
  - inputsdk.Pending：represent "pending

- output

  count(uint64): number of transactions

### 2.3.10 code-specifying-address

```go
data, err := tie.Eth().Code(address, blocknumber)
```

- input

  address([20]byte): wallet address
  blocknumber(interface): 
  - inputsdk.BlockNumber(int): represents the block height
  - inputsdk.Latest：represent "latest"
  - inputsdk.Earliest：represent "earliest"
  - inputsdk.Pending：represent "pending

- output
  data(string): address code

### 2.3.11 message-call

```go
data, err := tie.Eth().Call(msg, blocknumber)
```

- input
  msg: calling object
  - from: DATA, [20]byte - (optional) the address to send the transaction to.
  - to: DATA, [20]byte - The address to trade against.
  - gas: QUANTITY - (optional) gas provided by the transaction execution. eth_call consumes 0gas, but some executions may require this parameter.
  - gasPrice: QUANTITY - (optional) how much gasPrice to pay per gas.
  - value: QUANTITY - (optional) the value sent by this transaction
  - data: DATA - (optional) the compiled code of the contract

  blocknumber(interface): 
- inputsdk.BlockNumber(int): represents the block height
   - inputsdk.Latest: represents "latest"
   - inputsdk.Earliest: stands for "earliest"
   - inputsdk.Pending: stands for "pending"

  ```go
  type CallMsg struct {
  	From     Address
  	To       *Address
  	Data     []byte
  	GasPrice uint64
  	Gas      *big.Int
  	Value    *big.Int
  }
  ```

- output
  data(string): The return value of the executed contract

### 2.3.12 create-message-call

```go
hash, err := tie.Eth().SendTransaction(txn)
```

- input

txn: transaction object

   - from: DATA, 20 Bytes - The sending address of the transaction.

   - to: DATA, 20 Bytes - (optional when creating a new contract) The address to which the transaction points.

   - gas: QUANTITY - (optional, default: 90000) gas to provide for transaction execution. It returns unused gas.

   - gasPrice: QUANTITY - (optional, default: to be confirmed) GasPrice is how much Eth you are willing to pay for a unit of Gas, usually in Gwei. So the higher the Gas Price, the more Eth will be paid for each operation step in the transaction.

   - value: QUANTITY - (optional) the amount sent by the transaction

   - input: DATA, []byte - (optional) the compiled code of the contract

   - nonce: QUANTITY - (optional) an integer. Allows you to override your pending transaction with the same nonce.
   
  ```go
  type Transaction struct {
  	Type TransactionType
  
  	Hash     Hash
  	From     Address
  	To       *Address
  	Input    []byte
  	GasPrice uint64
  	Gas      uint64
  	Value    *big.Int
  	Nonce    uint64
  	V        []byte
  	R        []byte
  	S        []byte
  
  	BlockHash   Hash
  	BlockNumber uint64
  	TxnIndex    uint64
  
  	ChainID    *big.Int
  	AccessList AccessList
  
  	MaxPriorityFeePerGas *big.Int
  	MaxFeePerGas         *big.Int
  }
  ```

- output
  hash([32]byte): transaction hash

### 2.3.13 Create a new message for a signed transaction to invoke transaction or contract creation

```go
hash, err := tie.Eth().SendRawTransaction(data)
```

- input

  data([]byte): transaction hash

- output

  hash([32]byte): transaction hash

### 2.3.14 Estimate-transaction-gas-fees

```go
gas, err := tie.Eth().EstimateGas(msg)
```

-input
   msg: Parameters for calling Call() for all messages
- output
   gas(uint64): estimated gas fee

### 2.3.15 hashed-block-information

```go
block, err := tie.Eth().GetBlockByHash(hash, bool)
```

- input

  hash([32]byte): block hash
  bool(bool): whether to return the full block object

- output

block: block object

   - number: QUANTITY - the block number. null when pending.

   - hash: the hash of the DATA block. Null when pending.

   - parentHash: DATA, the hash of the parent block.

   - transactionsRoot: DATA, - The block's transaction tree root hash.

   - stateRoot: DATA, the root hash of the block's state tree.
   - receiptsRoot: DATA, the root hash of the block receipts tree.

   - miner: DATA, - The address of the beneficiary who received the mining reward.

   - difficulty: QUANTITY - Difficulty integer for the block.

   - gasLimit: QUANTITY - the maximum amount of gas allowed for this block.

   - gasUsed: QUANTITY - the total gas used by all transactions in this block.
   - timestamp: QUANTITY - The unix timestamp when the block was collated.

   - transactions: Array - an array of transaction objects, or a 32-byte long transaction hash array

  ```go
  type Block struct {
  	Number             uint64
  	Hash               Hash
  	ParentHash         Hash
  	Sha3Uncles         Hash
  	TransactionsRoot   Hash
  	StateRoot          Hash
  	ReceiptsRoot       Hash
  	Miner              Address
  	Difficulty         *big.Int
  	ExtraData          []byte
  	GasLimit           uint64
  	GasUsed            uint64
  	Timestamp          uint64
  	Transactions       []*Transaction
  	TransactionsHashes []Hash
  	Uncles             []Hash
  }
  ```

### 2.3.16 Block information for the specified height

```go
block, err := tie.Eth().GetBlockByNumber(blocknumber, bool)
```

- input

blocknumber(interface):
   - inputsdk.BlockNumber(int): represents the block height
   - inputsdk.Latest: represents "latest"
   - inputsdk.Earliest: stands for "earliest"
   - inputsdk.Pending: stands for "pending"
   bool(bool): whether to return the full block object

- output
  block: block object, equivalent to GetBlockByHash() output object

### 2.3.17 latest-block-number

```go
num, err := tie.Eth().BlockNumber()
```

- output

  num(uint64): latest block number

### 2.3.18 hash-transaction

```go
transaction, err := tie.Eth().GetTransactionByHash(hash)
```

- input

  hash([32]byte): transaction hash

- output

transaction: transaction object

   - hash: DATA, - transaction hash

   - nonce: QUANTITY - The number of transactions made by the sender before this.

   - blockHash: DATA, - the hash of the block this transaction is in, null when it is in the pending state.

   - blockNumber: QUANTITY - the block number in which the transaction is located, null when it is in the pending state.

   - transactionIndex: QUANTITY - The index position of the transaction in the block, it is empty when it is in the pending state.

   - from: DATA, - the sender's address.

   - to: DATA, - the recipient address, null when it is a contract creation transaction.

   - value: QUANTITY - The amount of ether to send.

   - gasPrice: QUANTITY - the gas price offered by the sender

   - gas: QUANTITY - the amount of gas provided by the sender

   - input: DATA - the data sent with the transaction

  ```go
  type Transaction struct {
  	Type TransactionType
  
  	Hash     Hash
  	From     Address
  	To       *Address
  	Input    []byte
  	GasPrice uint64
  	Gas      uint64
  	Value    *big.Int
  	Nonce    uint64
  	V        []byte
  	R        []byte
  	S        []byte
  
  	BlockHash   Hash
  	BlockNumber uint64
  	TxnIndex    uint64
  
  	ChainID    *big.Int
  	AccessList AccessList
  
  	MaxPriorityFeePerGas *big.Int
  	MaxFeePerGas         *big.Int
  }
  ```

### 2.3.19 Create-filter

```go
id, err := tie.Eth().NewFilter(data)
```

- input
  data: filter object
   - from: QUANTITY|TAG - (optional, default: "latest") block number, input-1 for "latest"/input-2 for "earliest"/input-3 for "pending".
   - to: QUANTITY|TAG - (optional, default: "latest") block number, input-1 for "latest"/input-2 for "earliest"/input-3 for "pending"
   - address: DATA|Array - (optional) contract address or list of addresses from which logs should be emitted.
   - topics: DATA array - (optional) topics array

  ```go
  type LogFilter struct {
  	Address   []Address
  	Topics    [][]*Hash
  	BlockHash *Hash
  	From      *BlockNumber
  	To        *BlockNumber
  }
  ```

- output

  id(string): filter ID

### 2.3.20 Create-filter-in-node

```go
id, err := tie.Eth().NewBlockFilter()
```

- output

  id(string): filter ID

### 2.3.21 Uninstall-filter

```go
bool, err := tie.Eth().UninstallFilter(Id)
```

- input

  Id(string): filter ID

- output

  bool(bool): Whether the uninstall was successful

### 2.3.22 poll-filter

```go
array, err := tie.Eth().GetFilterChanges(Id)
```

- input

  Id(string): filter ID

- output
array: array of log objects

  - For filters created with eth_newBlockFilter, the return is block hahs(DATA, 32 bytes), e.g. ["0x3454645634534..."].

  - For filters created with eth_newPendingTransactionFilter, the return is the transaction hash (DATA, 32 bytes), for example, ["0x6345343454645...".

  - For filters created with eth_newFilter, the log is with the following parameters:

    - type: TAG - Wait for the log to be pending. Mines if the log has already been mined.

    - logIndex: QUANTITY - log index position within the block. Null when the status is pending log.

    - transactionIndex: QUANTITY - The integer where the log was created from the transaction index position. null when its panding log.

    - transactionHash: DATA, 32 Bytes - The transaction hash created by this log. null when it is in a pending log.

    - blockHash: DATA, 32 Bytes - The hash of the block where the log is located. When it is pending, it is empty. Also null when its pending log.

    - blockNumber: QUANTITY - The block number in this log, when it is pending, it is null, and when its log is pending, it is also null.

    - address: DATA, 20 Bytes - The address of this log source.

    - data: DATA - One or more 32-byte unindexed parameters containing the log.

    - topics: array of DATA - 0 to 4 32-byte array data for index log parameters. (In solidity: the first topic is the hash of the event signature (eg Deposit(address, bytes32, uint256)), unless you declare the event with the anonymous specifier.

    ```go
    type Log struct {
    	Removed          bool
    	LogIndex         uint64
    	TransactionIndex uint64
    	TransactionHash  Hash
    	BlockHash        Hash
    	BlockNumber      uint64
    	Address          Address
    	Topics           []Hash
    	Data             []byte
    }
    ```

### 2.3.23 All-logs-in-filter

```go
log, err := tie.Eth().GetLogs(filter)
```

-input
   topics: filter object, equivalent to NewFilter()input

- output
   array: Array of log objects, equivalent to GetFilterChanges()output


### 2.3.24 Generate-signature
```go
sign, err := tie.Eth().Sign(hexprv, txn, 97)
```
- input 
    Private key, transaction structure, chain ID

- output
    []byte class signature


### 2.3.25 send-transaction

Steps: 1. Construct transaction 2. Generate-signature 3. Send

- Construct the transaction

```go
// send-transaction source address
from := ethgo.HexToAddress("0xb587AeDE058783506F98402AA933Fc1EB4c6f317")

// transaction target
to := ethgo.HexToAddress("0xf1c85E122Ca79F70dD7615b9038e06F4f5913612")

// Get nonce
nonce, _ := tie.Eth().GetNonce(from, ethgo.Latest)

txn := &ethgo.Transaction{
  From:     from,
  To:       &to,
  Gas:      234723,
  GasPrice: 10000000000,
  Value:    big.NewInt(1000000000),
  Nonce:    nonce,
}
```

- Generate-signature

```go
// Incoming private key, transaction structure, chain ID
sign, err := tie.Eth().Sign(hexprv, txn, 97)
```

- send-transaction

```go
// If the sending is successful, it will return transaction hash failure 0x0
result, err := tie.Eth().SendRawTransactionStr(sign)
```

- Verify public key

```go
// verify
from2, _ := signer2.RecoverSender(txn)
fmt.Println(from2.String())
```