<!-- 加上hidden-autonumber标签后，这个页面不会自动编号 -->

<span id="hidden-autonumber"></span>

<!-- article-title样式为标题居中 -->
<h1 class="article-title">TIE</h1>

TIE is a public chain that focuses on creating better and faster development of chain games. It has easy scalability, strong stability, high compatibility and game interoperability, supports massive players with high concurrent data, and provides at least 2000 The infinite tps has a safe and efficient underlying technology, and is equipped with various plug-ins such as data security and distributed storage to ensure the smoothness of the game and improve the player's user experience.

TIE was originally designed to achieve multi-chain integration, efficient execution of smart contracts and easy expansion, so as to meet the needs of anyone on the chain, and TIE is compatible with many mainstream public chains such as ETH and Polygon, and can easily undertake all other platforms. business, making it possible to rapidly expand the TIE ecosystem. TIE adopts a new underlying technology framework of blockchain, solves the problem of data unification of single chain and multi-chain through PVBFT new Byzantine consensus algorithm, and improves user development efficiency and experience based on the high performance of Ethereum virtual machine.

The TIE community is governed by an elite-led community council and a team of well-known experts from all over the world. At the same time, community rewards are issued fairly on the chain through POS proof. TIE's super nodes are generated by staking TIE Token. The total issuance of TIE Token is 2 billion. After 20 years, it will be halved every two years, of which the block reward share accounts for 33%. The validator of the super node can get benefits through the double reward of fixed block production and handling fee!

In the future, TIE will continue to provide other blockchain-related services, covering games, exchanges, algorithmic stablecoins, DAO, DeFi, Web3.0, and the Metaverse, etc., aiming to create a platform that helps everyone access the blockchain Internet. The world's largest decentralized community!